alright customer we're coming back yes
you were giving you an update on the
don't it's always the twelve on Sunday
and of course you know we always up to
something
we were took the ran out the dunk on
Friday
put some forty levels in it with a
positive unit we got an ls1 in it well
you know we put that last one in there
last year we're running the ls1 for
about a year with the our truck and take
on it you know give it a little more
tool and this is a pretty good engine
we've been running it for about a year
you know but we want more horsepower and
we want a bigger camera minutes so we
just decided to get us on lq9 which is
the Escalade engine the high compression
Escalade engine we went up to
you